Zigzags of sequential diagrams (#1129)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/commuting-squares-of-maps.lagda.md

    ( h) =
    compute-concat-htpy-precomp H K W h
```

> ### Collapsing inner squares in pasted squares composed of triangles

Author: I think it's more general than just a zigzag lemma, and if it were in the file on zigzags I'd probably eventually try to move it back here. The operation of pasting triangles into a square is defined in `commuting-triangles-of-maps`, so I may be convinced to move it there (unless it introduces cyclic dependencies), but at the end of the day it's about replacing a square in a stack of squares, so I don't feel a strong need to move it elsewhere

> ### Collapsing inner squares in pasted squares composed of triangles

Reviewer: okay, let's keep it for now

Consider two commuting squares, composed in total of four commuting triangles,
which take the following form:

```text
           top
     A -----------> C
     |             ∧|
     |           /  |
  tl |     bl  /    | tr
     |       /      |
     |     /        |
     |   /          |
     ∨ /    mid     ∨
     B -----------> Y
     |             ∧|
     |           /  |
  bl |     tr  /    | br
     |       /      |
     |     /        |
     |   /          |
     ∨ /            ∨
     C -----------> Z .
          bottom
```

> Note how some of the vertices and the diagonals are not arbitrary.

Reviewer: My suggestion is slightly inaccurate, how about writing something like

```suggestion
Note that the diagonals are not arbitrary, and in particular the bottom-left and top-right vertices are identified.
```

> Note how some of the vertices and the diagonals are not arbitrary.

Author: I chose a different wording, since the vertices should come first (they motivate the choice of arrows), and they are not "identified" per se, because there is no identification — they are the same. LMKWYT

> Note how some of the vertices and the diagonals are not arbitrary.

Reviewer: looks good
